###Resolution Proof Generator for ggSAT type solvers (Proof-of-concept)

$ python3 run_expt.py - to run ggSAT\_sim, proof\_generation and proof\_checking on 250 instances of uu50-218.

$ python3 run_expt2.py - to run ggSAT\_sim, proof\_generation and proof\_checking on 5 instances in cnf with branching conditions obtained by running original ggSAT.

##ggSAT simulator<sup>1</sup> with proof emission utility  

**usage**: (*from top dir*) python3 ggSAT\_sim.py **\<path\_to\_problem\_file\>** **\<branching\_depth\>** **\<output\_dir\>** **\<p/s\>** **\[path\_to\_leaf\_branching\_conditions]**   

p - for parallel execution  
s - for sequential execution  
branching\_depth - Maximum number of variables the Look-Ahead solver will guess upto a solvable sub-problem.  
output\_dir - dir to dump clausal and resolution proofs.  
path\_to\_leaf\_branching\_conditions - path to json file containing the list of variables that form the leaves of the full binary tree generated by ggSAT.  

e.g., $ python3 ggSAT\_sim.py cnfs/random\_ksat.dimacs 5 outputs/random\_ksat\_inst1/ p cnfs/random\_ksat\_leaves.json  
 
##proof concatinator<sup>1</sup>  

**usage**: (*from top dir*) python3 proof\_concat.py  **\<output\_dir\>** **\<path\_to\_problem\_file\>**  

branching_depth - Maximum number of variables the Look-Ahead solver will guess upto a solvable sub-problem.
output_dir - dir containing resolution proofs generated by ggSAT.  

e.g., $ python3 proof\_concat.py outputs/random\_ksat\_inst1/ cnfs/random\_ksat.dimacs  

##proof checker<sup>2</sup>

**usage**: (*from top dir*) ./checker0 **\<path\_to\_problem\_file\>** **\<path\_to\_proof\_file\>**  

<sup>1</sup> Developed from "pysat," https://github.com/z11i/pysat, 2018.  
<sup>2</sup> Allen van Gelder "Resolution Proof Checker," http://www.satcompetition.org/2005, 2005.


